PD-488: mention that multiple interfaces on the subnet are not allowed (#1959)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Network/Interfaces/SettingUpStaticIPs.md

   {{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/22.12/EditInterfaceAddAlias.png" alt="Add Alias IP Address" id="2: Add Alias IP Address" >}}

   {{< hint type=important >}}
   Multiple interfaces cannot be members of the same subnet.

   If an error displays or the **Save** button is inactive when setting the IP addresses on multiple interfaces, check the subnet and ensure the CIDR numbers differ.
   {{< /hint >}}

   Click **Save**.

   The **Network** screen displays a new widget where you can select to either **Test Changes** or **Revert Changes**.
   If you have only one active network interface the system protects your connection to the interface by displaying the **Test Changes** dialog.

   You have 60 seconds to test and save the change before the system discards the change and reverts back to the DHCP-configured IP address.

2. Check the name servers and default router information in the **Global Information** card. 
   If the current settings are not on the same network, click **Settings** and modify each as needed to allow the static IP to communicate over the network. 

>    Add the IP addresses for the DNS name servers in the **Nameserver 1**, **Nameserver2**, and **Nameserver3** fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Add the IP addresses for the DNS name servers in the **Nameserver 1**, **Nameserver 2**, and **Nameserver 3** fields.
```
